listen this movie was originally titled
17 bridges until someone on the crew
looked it up and realized there is in
fact 21 bridges in Manhattan at least
according to NYC bridges that block spot
I'm sure it's like a NYC parking sign
where there's no solid answer but well
what solid was the marketing teams
determination to remind you chadwick
boseman is an Avenger that said Chadwick
actually got his first official
producing credit with this bad boy and
his additions actually made a lot of
changes to the script they polished it
up a bit added four bridges and I almost
gave it a jr. price before that ending
settled it back down to a decent rent it
for me but I definitely think it's
better than the 45% that they gave it on
Rotten Tomatoes because this cop
thriller should be more arresting than
it is are you let me explain so if you
follow this channel you know I'm all
about actors getting their credits on
sets especially as they transition into
producers Russo brothers came to me the
night of the premiere of infinity war so
they came to me after they kill me we
have we have we have a script for you
and I was like Who am I really did after
his addition the spec script got
diversified which gives you a completely
different view of the main character who
no I they if you see this movie
yo they straight up some dude comes up
to him and calls him trigger with a
hard-r you better have perfect diction
calling me a trigger reason being is
that he shot and killed eight while
protecting and serving and there may be
a version of the script where the
audience is meant to second-guess his
internal affairs investigation and
there's plenty of lines in the final
version that seems to allude but there's
a draft that was written to be that way
what thanks to the marketing and the
switches that they made I knew this guy
was an Avenger he was coming in on his
off days were [ __ ] if I was produced you
know I'd be in bed that said he went at
it from the angle that Denzel De Niro
would have played this role back in the
80's 90's if that's when this movie was
made and he really got excited with the
script do have action you do have a
sense of mystery you do have an
assurance about what's gonna happen
there's something at risk if I'm if I'm
if I'm quoting
Scorsese about what makes me cinema the
movie begins with Davis as a young boy
attending his father's funeral who also
died on the line of duty causing him to
grow up chanting the mantra being a cop
isn't a choice it's in my DNA eight
executions later and he's considered the
judge dredd of the department a lot of
other cops questioned his ethics but he
legit is the only one getting the job
done around there especially we find out
that the entire departments more corrupt
in a wet floppy-disk what really gets
the events going is when two goons tried
to rob a restaurant looking for 30 kilos
of cocaine and come across 300 bummer
but even with them being the bad guys it
feels like a setup that said they then
kill seven cops along the way so they
set themselves up these fools then try
to exchange their cut of 1.5 million but
since they can't go into a Western Union
their dealer hands on 1.5 mil in 20s so
these fools are chugging around bags in
New York City weighing around 110 pounds
looking like an episode of broad city
chadwick comes in and decides to shut
down Manhattan and fast in the clover
field monster in order to catch these
goons but the thing is it's 1:00 a.m.
he's only has till 5:00 a.m. to catch
him and the movies roughly 90 minutes
now I don't know what's more surprise
the fact that there were no flying
bagels and not one New Yorker complained
about the paths and bridges being down
or the fact that it was kind of the same
corrupt preset allowing Chadwick to
investigate their corrupt precent that
said Taylor Kitsch dies first since he
Saylor Kitsch and Michael played by
Stefan James who's been killing it
recently gets away with a bunch of hard
drives proving that the 85th isn't just
a precent but apparently the amount of
cops on the payroll when it comes to
looking the other way honestly I know
it's supposed to be the twist but the
moment you show as JK Simmons pulling up
at the scene of the crime early on where
two other cops were just about to pick
up the 300 kilos and JK says the line
save us the parole hearings and just
killed the goons when you find them I
see no difference between him and Frank
REO and black and blue other than this
time all the Jersey cops aren't in New
Orleans for some reason these guys were
so obviously scummy that one of the
chubby cops tries planting his ankle gun
on a Duty killed before he's been
getting his name I don't know if they
thought swapping Sienna Miller's
character would make it a better twist
because we wouldn't suspect her as being
mean because she was a woman
we knew she was there at the moment she
made her phone call to her kids at 1:00
a.m. yeah and Jesse was eating subway at
2:00 I really do think it's an enjoyable
movie and a decent cop thriller but once
you realize the presense is corrupt and
the bad guy Michael is the only one with
that info I'm not gonna lie the ending
gets a little goofy every time they say
keep him alive the cops just half the
movie becomes chadwick boseman fighting
his own cops to not kill the guy he's
trying to probably could he doesn't know
but legit these cats were playing
Simpsons he hadn't run with Michael
they were looking or really shut down
Manhattan with all the whole wall card
stays smashed I don't know if they even
confirmed if it was a dude they were
looking for considering at a certain
point Michael changes his clothes he
even cuts his hair they just heard on
the dispatch black man breathe and they
just went straight after him I'm not
even gonna lie I'm surprised he didn't
double tap chadwick boseman is character
considering these pigs JK at the end of
it really does pull a frank Rio after
Michael dies which I don't I don't even
remember Sienna Miller getting on the
train of shoot I'll do whatever
JK admits to everything saying that
after the precent was struggling
financially he had no choice but to be
forced into drug trafficking boy you
really rush in and ragged overall it's a
decent cop thriller I liked Davis's
journey it's a quick movie but
ineffective one where when it comes to
Bozeman's character you're seeing
someone who's trying to be a hero amidst
all of this corruption someone who's
seen cocaine take down his father and
now the entire department and someone
who shut down 21 bridges for hours and
somehow didn't get caught in traffic as
he drives off one into the sunset thank
you guys checking out this video I'm
curious know your thoughts down below in
the comment section it's an interesting
movie if you saw our video on black and
blue this is a little bit better I would
say but it's interesting I would think
that this is superiorly better but
things that like it some things that
black-and-blue did right this one did it
it's kind of a twofer I don't know you'd
have to let me know your thoughts on
both of them I do prefer this one over
black and blue but that's probably could
it's coming from a director whose other
work or the writer I believe did more
Sewell which is a very very good movie
that we kind of wonder where festivals
but it also does a really good job with
like New York we got the green cups down
and everything but it is interesting to
hear that originally every character was
written to be white and let's be honest
not many there's anything else other
than that's a complete different story
you know to pay if you swap out the
gender or raising the character makes it
a completely different story and I think
you can see some of the switches that
weren't fully made you know like they
switch the character and some things but
they don't have to swap out completely
all the other lines that's just my guess
on there but it gives you know your
thoughts let me know down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and you too can be
produced by the Russos